This text document provides a list of rulings for Fodimo's Zendikar block,
meant to supplement the comprehensive rules where any questions may arise.
It is ordered by mechanic or card, and by set.

----------RTZ----------

//Battered
F101.1a: As long as any other opponent has less life than you, you
are considered to be battered.

//Intelect
F102.1a: You may activate this ability at any time you could cast an
instant.
	1b: If there are no cards in your library, nothing happens. Also,
why whould you even do it? There is no point to revealing a card that
isn't there, and being able to cast it.
	1c: You still pay any costs for the spell, and may pay any
optional costs, such as kickers.

----------PRF----------

//Adaptations
F120.1a: An adaptation is effectively a normal aura, except the adaptation
is in exile instead of the field, and it tolorates a type change in its
subject without becoming detached.
	.1b: If the adapted permanent is exiled, returned to a hand,
put into a graveyard, or put into a library, the adaptation is detached
and put into its owner's graveyard. It no longer affects that creature.
	.1c: The exiled adaptations are not permanents, and are not on
the battlefield. Effects that destroy or otherwise target enchantments
cannot target adaptations in exile.
	.2a: A permanent may be adapted multiple times, as long as when
the enchantment is cast the permanent is a legal target. The most recently
cast adaptation applies after the others. Ex: A goblin (nonartifact creatue)
that is adapted with sleek sprinter (now an artifact creature) is then adapted 
with Eternal drain, it loses creature (becoming only and artifact, as Eternal
Drain does).
	.2b: If there are multiple adaptations on a creature, and one is
removed, the most recently cast adaptation still applies, even if it's
adapt criteria would no longer be met. Ex: with the previous example,
if sleek sprinter were somehow removed, but the Eternal Drain wasn't,
it is still just an artifact. Likewise, if instead Eternal drain were
removed, it would become an artifact creature as described by Sleek
Sprinter.

//Enchanted Being
	3a: If an aura that is also a creature enchants something that may be 
legally enchanted by an aura creature, it is not detached and sacrificed. This
overrides rule 303.4d in the comprehensive rules, shown below.
		 rule 303.4d:
		"An Aura that's also a creature can't enchant anything. If this occurs somehow,
		 the Aura becomes unattached, then is put into its owner's graveyard."

	1b: A permanent that becomes a player is immediately exiled, and
does not recieve a turn, deck, life, or the ability to make choices. They 
are exiled befrore any spell can be cast or ability resolved. It remains
exiled, even once all adaptations have been removed.
	1c: If an aura that is also a creature is made to enchant another
creatue that is not specifically legally enchanted by an aura creature,
meaning anything other than an enchanted being or something that copies
its ability, rule 303.4d listed above still applies.

//Self Perfection
	4@: Please understand this card does an unusual thing, and intances will likely
come up that are not adressed by these rulings. Just do what makes sense. When in
doubt, flip a coin or roll a die.
	4a: Creatures with infect do nothing to players with Self perfection.
Damage is redirected to the player themself, but since they can't recieve
poison counters, the damage is prevented.
	4b: Player creatures can have their power and tougness modified by
couners, spells, and abilities. This does not affect their life total, they
are just bonuses that are added to the damage and the toughness.
	4c: If their toughness is reduced to 0 or less, or the creature
is put into another zone, they are no longer a creature, and Self Perfection
is put into its owner's graveyard. They do not automatically lose, and
the game continues as normal.
	4d: Although difficult, if the creature is destoyed (For example,
by deathtouch) the player loses the game.
	4e: The player is attacked normally, and can block as normal. When the
player attacks, they are treated as a normal creature as far as blockers are concerned.
	4f: If they lose hexproof, anything that could target a creature or a player
may target that player. They are considered to control that creature for those
purposes.
	4g: The player creature does not enter the battlefield, rather they simply
become a creature, similar to Gideon. They do not trigger enter the battlefield
effects.
	4h: If the player gains or loses life, the creature's power and tougness is 
increased or reduced similarly. This happens instantly, and spells and abilities cannot
be used between the time life is gained or lost and when the creature's power and tougness
change. 

//"Compleation" adaptations
	5a: Creatures that become the artifact creature with a set power and tougness
and with the abilities do not lose their previous abilities or types, unless specified.


//Quest
F122.1a: If you cannot exile the creatues, the spell cannot be cast. If this happens
after the enchantment is on the stack, it is countered.
Example of the Quest mechanic:
Quest 2
Exile two creatures. Compleate the quest by doing whatever, and sacrifice it to itself.
The two creatures come back, each with two +1/+1 counters on them.
	.1b: If a creature leaves exile before the quest is compleated, they do
not revieve the +1/+1 counters.
	.1c: A quest is "Compleated" when an ability is activated on the quest that
removes all quest counters and sacrifices it.
