When Sorin and Nissa left the plane of Zendikar, what remained would soon be crushed.
Nissa personally destroyed the main Hedron in her ignorance, and with it the last hope
of imprisoning the Eldrazi again. When Sorin left, and following him the elf planeswalker,
civilization vanished from Zendikar.
	The Eldrazi had already wiped out a number of the largest settlements, and everything
between them, when the survivors were left alone. One by one, defenses were set up and crushed,
warriors gathered and slaughtered. Near the end, Ulamog assaulted the largest citadel that still
stood. A battle-hardened swords master strove out among the armies, weilding a newly crafted
sword. The kor had crafted and enchanted it as their last hope, and the weapon was indeed the
most powerful they had ever possessed. Ulamog cleared his path through the struggling men at his
feet, followed by a few of his lesser kin. One of the small titans was brought down, with
losses on the other side numbering in the thousands. The swords master Onur, with the Legendary
weapon, faced Ulamog before the city gate. Through the most skillful parries and swings, the
abomination was crippled, then dealt a fatal blow. Ulamog let out a roar that was heard for miles,
and in his death throws, he writhed violently, knocking many soldiers around him to the ground,
killing nearly all. Among them lay Onar, mythic sword piercing through his chest into solid stone.
over the rise, three more titans emerged, among them the fearsome Emrakul and It that Betrays. The
slain rose again, and advanced on their former refuge. Onar stood, drew the sword from its morbid
sheath, and lead the force back into the burning city. Those still inside were forced to flee,
but a mere handful were successful. The more they slew, the more rose up to join the slaughter.
Eldrazi annihilated the citadel, leaving nothing but a massive heap of shattered stone in remembrance.
Onar was again disarmed and slain by the head of the Guard, and the sword carried back to a camp
of survivors in the woods.
	With that defeat, all other settled regions were wiped out, and almost all lost hope.
The hedrons seemed to mirror their loss. Those that remained wandered the land, devoid
of any goal or destination. The roil, however, did not lessen. Beyond that, it escalated dramatically.
Many theories stand to its cause, some believe it to be a natural advance, others think that the
loss of many of the druids and protections, or devastation from the Eldrazi brought it on. Whatever
the cause, the land itself seemed as big a threat as the Eldrazi. Even the Aether was in a state of flux,
and the ground was unstable at best.
	On the newly restored plane of Innistrad, where Sorin dwelt for the time in a rare
peace, he was interrupted by a slender hand on is shoulder. Nissa, the foolish elf he had sought
to remove from his life, had found him, and demanded he return to Zendikar to put right
the tragedy that was unfolding. Feeling enlightened by the clerics and angels on his home,
and more importantly deciding that Nissa would not leave the matter, he grudgingly followed
her back to her home. Balance was indeed something he sought in the multiverse, a stability
that would prevent a complete collapse, and the Eldrazi were indeed a threat that could not
be ignored. To their infinite sorrow, they were not the only ones to return to Zendikar.
	Seeing the plane’s weakness, and enticed by the rich supply of raw mana and power,
the Archdemon raised a metal claw, ordering his gleaming underlings to establish a long-term 
portal from his home, Phyrexia, to Zendikar. They would immediately establish their factories,
and capture one of the lesser Eldrazi to Compleat. Yarutagar, the fiend was called, a terrifying
mass of flesh and metal, who after the first implants had been implanted, broke free of the 
facility, and with his brethren  began to destroy this new threat. The phyrexians had been prepared
for such resistance, and were able to defend most of their settlements for the time, and subdue
their failed project.
	What they didn't realize was that Yarutagar was not of their world. He had not been
bred there by the three titans, but from a fourth, who had been created in the Blind Eternity
to carry on the Eldrazi legacy from the lesser beings who were left behind. The Eldrazi were not
all trapped on Zendikar as the planeswalkers believed. 
	When the massive rift split the sky, the encampments of elves and men in the area
gathered around, seeking their salvation. A few things of steel emerged, and rested for a time, 
silently analyzing the land and deploying a fatal plague. On the second day, the carriers animated
themselves, and slew nearly all who gazed upon the spectacle. Lower minions then emerged, and 
built the factories of their new home.
	Sorin and Nissa found a tribe of elves that dwelt in a forest almost within sight of the Rift, neighboring
a settlement of men.  One man immediately earned the distrust of the planeswalkers, when it was
revealed to them that he was a necromancer. Sorin naturally was more accepting than Nissa,
but eventually he and the others won even her over, declaring that what he did was necessary
for their survival. There were not enough living men to adequately defend them, and only the
slain offered the protection they needed. At once, recognizing the Phyrexian menace, they set about
establishing an assault to come out of hiding and push out their newest invaders. It was not enough.
	Vampires belonged mostly to two factions. There were those who saw the necessity of 
allying and protecting the living, similar to what Sorin had done long ago. Others were more
short-sighted, and dwelt alone or with small clans, hunting any human blood they could find.
One such party ambushed the force assembled by the planeswalkers. It was disastrous to the
attackers, but nevertheless weakened the army.
	A comparatively small Eldrazi titan came upon their assault as well, and although they
were prepared for it, after slaying the being they could not hope to attack the phyrexians. So they
fled to other areas with known populace to enlist aid.
	As such they stand, with no side completely dominant, and the phyrexians
and survivors growing in strength.
