	When Yarutagar fell, the new titan, Paruhal, sent in some of his brood lineage, and
entered the plane. While he took physical form, he was careful not to bind himself to it,
able to return to his natural state at will. There would be no risks, as he already had the
Fifth titan being created. It was not an easy process, one that had been done only twice
before him, and it would take all of the power and mana they had amassed over their time
to create the final birth. Creating a sixth would not be possible until a few dozen planes
had been conquered, and there was no reason to, with their survival ensured and the original
three found. As he arrived, it became immediately clear only one of the first could ever
be returned to the Eternities.
	Factories sprawled the once pure landscape. The woods that once had sheltered the
survivors were now destroyed and the inhabitants captured. Compleation of the plane
began rapidly, and nothing seemed possible to stop it. Learning from their first attempt, they
were ready to try the Eldrazi again. With a force of thousands, they surrounded Emrakul, and
erected and dismantled barricades until the titan was forced to the nearest facility, to be compleated.
This time, it worked. Emrakul was slowly made completely metal, and was bent to their will.
Casting off the form the Lithomancer had forced upon it and its own self, it was the perfect
engine of destruction for the Phyrexian's conquests.
	The survivors almost all enslaved or one with the invaders, they sought the liberation
that seemed impossible. A man, as he faced death, felt something within him. A spark. He had
been ignited, a planeswalker, and perhaps what they needed. However, with the warp of the nearby
rift, he was unable to planeswalk to safety. Within minutes of his spark igniting, it faded.
	On a distant plane, within the underworld, his cry was heard. Perhaps his spark was
yet young, and could be set free as he perished to do his final will. Perhaps he would have
been the greatest planeswalker since Nicol Bolas. Perhaps, if given the opportunity and
knowledge, any planeswalker could do as he did. Whatever the case, the woman not only received
the call, but was strengthened in a way she never had been. It was likely the dead man's
power had lent itself to her for the moment required for her to do what was needed. She was
a planeswalker, but being dead and trapped in the underworld of a foreign plane had bound
her from planeswalking. In her moment of strength, she rose, and stepped out of the underworld
of Theros. Elspeth had arrived on Zendikar.
	As she arrived, she immediately flashed back to the failed attempt to save Mirrodin
from Phyrexians that now threatened this plane. She stood just behind the tree line, staring off
towards a polluted factory when a hand came to rest on her shoulder. An elf had come without
her notice, and led her back to a camp she had established. Kishra was her name, and she
had been enslaved briefly with so many others. Through a chance, there was an opening in the
guard of her work force, and she took the opportunity to flee. A few others attempted to follow
her example, but were discovered and put down. After that, she did what few would dare. She
returned to the factories time after time, and led resistance and liberated hundreds. Still,
it was nothing compared to what had to be done.
	Paruhal soon found Kozilek, the only Eldrazi titan still living. Together with the
lesser beings, they began to attack the Phyrexians. Emrakul, now loyal to only the invaders,
fought back. None of the titans fell, but losses were not short. Lesser eldrazi littered the
ground among the shattered buildings and scrap metal, and they both moved away to regroup.
	On the Third Sphere of Phyrexia, among the pipes, was a lone artifact. A demon 
discovered the piece, which was the Temporal Piston. Lost for so long it had been forgotten
by everyone, it was now brought to Zendikar, where it could be tested for uses.
	Hearing of the new ally that had come to the plane, Sorin took Nissa to the heart
of the Phyrexian settlement, where a grove of trees stood. They met Kishra and encountered
Elspeth, who had already made a plan to attack the reactor that powered the rift on the
other side, then promptly return to destroy the facility on Zendikar, cutting off the planes.
Sorin believed it to be a foolish and hopeless goal, and naturally Nissa joined in readily.
With no choice, the vampire joined the others, and with a small strike force, they rushed
for the rift. They met resistance on their way, but less than expected. With minimal
casualties, the went through the rift.
	They were met with a dark landscape of metal and ash filled air. All around them,
war machines were being prepared for their entry into the new territory, and the group
was immediately discovered. Almost as quickly, Elspeth saw the beacon that operated the
portal. There was a mad sprint to the machine, and a slaughter. Of the group that entered,
only a pod of six remained, an elf and a man with the planeswalkers, as they pushed past
the fray and waited behind a building for the suspicion to die down. In a few hours it did,
and they crept into the building that housed the generator. The guards and operators were
easily dispatched, and before long five of the six still stood before the rubble that was
the generator. While they were not blocked from planeswalking on the sphere the rift was on,
two among them could not do so. As so, they ran from the site and slashed their way back into
the rift and Zendikar. To their surprise, as they came through, the rift collapsed behind them.
	A group of survivors, who had heard of their plan, had joined the effort by taking the
core that stood in Zendikar, and readied it for destruction. At sight of those who returned,
they had it destroyed. The rift was closed, and the phyrexians already on Zendikar cut off from
their home. All but one of them.
	Seeing the fall of their portal, the Archdemon Boque, a compleated being with a
planeswaker spark, travelled to Zendikar, and continued the effort to permanently occupy the
plane, and be ready for when the portal was opened again.

	While waiting for the planeswalkers and the rest of the force to return, those
who took Zendikar's power core examined the room. Most of what they found was meaningless 
to them, but one object caught their eye. A piston, but there was something about it.
The group pocketed it to bring to Kishra when she returned.

	Emboldened by the recent victories, many resistances formed at once, and thousands of
people were freed of the phyrexian's grasp. Many among them wished to make a difference
in the effort to save their home. A new age of adventure was born.
	While a single organized force seemed the logical choice to fight off the Phyrexian menace,
withstand the might of the Eldrazi, many left the others to go on their own quests. Despite all
that was happening around them, life for the survivors began to change back to how it was before the
Eldrazi rose to power. For them, a new saga had begun.